the inventory, settings screen, etc crash the game when opened from spawntown or the dungeons. this needs to be fixed. I also want to see a whole skill tree implemented and workings skills like teleport, lighting arc etc. create complex json templates for the skilltree which can be greatly added to. all new graphics should be implemented using the graphics folder. I want to see a working inventory screen with json file that gets updated when items are added. i want to see a item list json that can greatly expanded and use graphics from the graphics folder. The player sprites should be drawn much larger and stay in proportion to each other. the player armor sprites should be drawn from whats currently in the players inventory. add a temporary cheat tool for developers like me to add any items and skils from the jsons to my inventory and i can add gold or level my player up. the player should attack with the selected skill using appropriate effect and icon graphics from the graphics folder on left click. the player should be able to choose different skills. the enemies should be hurt then killed by the skills. the enemies should bob and move around and attack the with various skills unique to each enemy and using graphics from the folder these attacks should be dodgeable and move kind of slow. add experience that displays at the top of the hud and increases when killing enemies. add a gold system and shops to spawntown where you can buy items. enemies should drop gold and random items of varying rarity depending on the level of the enemy which depends on the dungeon. player movement should be with left click. player skills should also be assignable to  Q,W,E,R,T,Y, right click, page up and page down. potions should be used with 1-5. main title screen functionality and add way more content to the title screen using graphics from the folder and maintain an insane style. add way more town drawing complexity and tile variations in spawn town using the correct graphics from the folder. I added a bunch of graphics to the graphics/gui folder which should be used to redesign the hud to maintain functionality but use the new graphics which are a new format and should be investigated first. once this is all completed go back and add a ton of content to ALL json files like dialog, items, skill tree, etc.